File name made more understandable (#17021)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/coding_guide.rst

  the PR.

  Ensure that all API changes are documented in the relevant file in

>   :file:`doc/api/recent_api_changes_3.3` and significant new features have and

Reviewer: IMHO this doesn't make sense. I think there was a miscommunication. The folder should be named `api_changes_3.3`, so that it does not have to be renamed later.

And then all documentation references should use "the most recent `api_changes_X.Y`", e.g.
```suggestion
  the most recent :file:`doc/api/api_changes_X.Y` and significant new features have and
```

Author: Ok Got it. Thanks for the clarification.

  the PR.

  Ensure that all API changes are documented in the relevant file in
  the most recent :file:`doc/api/api_changes_X.Y` and significant new features

>   have and entry in :file:`doc/user/whats_new`.

Reviewer 2: Might as well fix the typo here:
```suggestion
  have an entry in :file:`doc/user/whats_new`.
```
